Lambda improvements (#26857)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/lambda-expressions.md

The general rules for type inference for lambdas are as follows:

- The lambda must contain the same number of parameters as the delegate type.
- Each input parameter in the lambda must be implicitly convertible to its corresponding delegate parameter.
- The return value of the lambda (if any) must be implicitly convertible to the delegate's return type.
  
## Natural type for lambda expressions

> Lambda expressions in themselves don't have a type because the common type system has no intrinsic concept of "lambda expression." However, it's sometimes convenient to speak informally of the "type" of a lambda expression.That informal "type" refers to the delegate type or <xref:System.Linq.Expressions.Expression> type to which the lambda expression is converted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lambda expressions in themselves don't have a type because the common type system has no intrinsic concept of "lambda expression." However, it's sometimes convenient to speak informally of the "type" of a lambda expression. That informal "type" refers to the delegate type or <xref:System.Linq.Expressions.Expression> type to which the lambda expression is converted.
```

Beginning with C# 10, some lambda expressions have a *natural type*. Instead of forcing you to declare a delegate type, such as `Func<...>` or `Action<...>` for a lambda expression, the compiler may infer the delegate type from the parameters and the type of the expression.  For example, consider the following declaration:

```csharp
var parse = (string s) => int.Parse(s);
```

> The compiler can infer `parse` to be a `Func<string, int>`. In general, the compiler will use an available `Func` or `Action` delegate, if a suitable one exists. Otherwise, it will synthesize a delegate type. For example, the type must be synthesized if the lambda expression has `ref` parameters. When a lambda expression has a natural type, it can be assigned to a weaker type, such as <xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType>, or <xref:System.Delegate?displayProperty=nameWithType>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compiler can infer `parse` to be a `Func<string, int>`. In general, the compiler will use an available `Func` or `Action` delegate, if a suitable one exists. Otherwise, it will synthesize a delegate type. For example, the type must be synthesized if the lambda expression has `ref` parameters. When a lambda expression has a natural type, it can be assigned to a less explicit type, such as <xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType>, or <xref:System.Delegate?displayProperty=nameWithType>:
```

I feel like "less explicit" seems a bit more accurate, "weaker" feels a bit misleading. Why would it be weaker?

```csharp
Func<string, int> parse = s => int.Parse(s);
```

## Declared return type

Typically, the return type of the lambda expression is obvious and inferred. For some expressions, that wouldn't work:

``` c#
var choose = (bool b) => b ? 1 : "two"; // ERROR: Can't infer return type
```

Beginning with C# 10, you can specify the return type on a lambda expression before the parameters. When you specify an explicit return type, the parameters must be parenthesized, so that it's not too confusing to the compiler or other developers:

``` c#
var choose = object (bool b) => b ? 1 : "two"; // Func<bool, object>
```

## Attributes

Beginning with C# 10, you can apply attributes to lambda expressions. The attributes are added before the parameter declaration. The lambda expression's parameter list must be parenthesized when there are attributes:

``` c#
Func<string, int> parse = [Example(1)] (s) => int.Parse(s);
var choose = [Example(2)][Example(3)] object (bool b) => b ? 1 : "two";
```

You can apply any attribute that is valid on <xref:System.AttributeTargets.Method?displayProperty=nameWithType>.

> Lambda expressions are invoked differently than methods and local functions. Attributes don't have any effect when the lambda expression is invoked. Attributes on lambda expressions are useful for code analysis, and can be discovered via reflection.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I entirely follow what you're implying here. If attributes do not have any effect when the lambda expression is invoked, what attributes should be avoided? For example, with Minimal API could I add an attribute to an expression that defines `RequiresScope`? Would that work?

Author: Added clarification to that. 

I think the answer is no. Unless the ASP.NET team is using reflection to see the attributes on the lambda expression, the library won't have that information.
